Speak with evidence. I'm married and not a mistress.
Please apologize to me respectfully.
evidence. You asked me for evidence.
Vice President Chen has never recruited you personally just for recruitment reasons.
And I'm asking for my troubles for you.
You are a student who graduated from a third-rate university,
I fell asleep. How do you get in?
Nk? Please don't insult.
Don't even insult mk. Insulting jokes.
Who is insulting whom?
Shen Yin, your existence
That’s the biggest hatred towards mk
say it again
i'm married
Not some mistress
I have never seen Mr. Sin Fu before today.
Think for yourself
Don't think that others are the same as you
What did you say
I admit that I like mk very much
But if the mk group is like you
Are you willing to resign?
But before leaving
You want you to apologize to me
Do you dare to insist on Miss Xu?
If you can't say it, do it
Too stingy for you
This is your wife
It's quite uneasy. Okay.